# Ziico-Ransomware
#ZIICO RANSOMWARE  Beginner Ransomware program for Security Testing   # About Ziico Ziico encrypts all of your documents, photos, videos, music, specific database and other important files hence rendering innaccesibility to the encrypted category.  Therefore, to reaccess these encrypted files, a decryption key is required. Files that could be encrypted can vary and in most cases there is no turning back once executed. This ransomware is for study purpose and is meant to encrypt a few of your files to test whether your system security is just fine.      Ziico Ransomware is built using C# thus easily embedded. There is a preety more advance version of this program which is Fully Undetectable and because of this, i cannot upload it for certain reasons. This particular program follows an AES-256,AES-128 and a SHA256 Encryption. I believe thats preety strong and has proven to bypass four anti virus programs.   # Cryptography details  -encrypted via AES-256 -AES key generated manually -AES key is encrypted by RSA-2048 (windows RSA implementation)  The filetypes to be encrypted:  .doc, .docx, .xls, .xlsx, .ppt, .pptx, .pst, .ost, .msg, .eml, .vsd, .vsdx, .txt, .csv, .rtf, .123, .wks, .wk1, .pdf, .dwg, .onetoc2, .snt,  .jpeg, .jpg, .docb, .docm, .dot, .dotm, .dotx, .ppam, .potx, .potm, .edb, .hwp, .602, .sxi, .sti, .sldx, .sldm, .sldm, .vdi, .vmdk, .vmx,  .gpg, .aes, .ARC, .PAQ, .bz2, .tbk, .bak, .tar, .tgz, .gz, .7z, .rar, .zip, .backup, .iso, .vcd, .bmp, .png, .gif, .raw, .cgm, .tif, .tiff,   # Decryption Process key         Decrypting Victims File             => open ziico.sln and create the .exe file             => get the SystemId from your victims through emails, prefearble a proxy chained one.             => download the Decryption key             => reply your victims with Decryption Tool and Passsword File             # DISCLAIMER  Do not attempt to tempt the law with anything contained here. Ths tool is for educational and research purposes. I will not be responsible for any illegal action executed. You shall not use this tool to harm a victim or  execute the ransomare on a computer without the users permission however,you can try tool implementation on your  personal computer, but at your own risk. If proven by law, this is a punishable act.       # Future Development Incase of need to further the program, Contact me.
